---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

July 1st, 2024 - Today is my first day of research in-person for the DREU program. Today, I worked on initial onboarding work such as gaining lab access and setting up all applications that I will need for the project. I had a meeting with Sandhya to discuss my personal tasks for the week as well as a lab-wide meeting to discuss progress on summer tasks and lab-wide announcements. Today, I compared React.js and Swift/XCode as options for app development, and identified that Swift/Xcode may be a better fit for the project at this time. Since it was my first day, I met some of the other summer research interns and went on a quick coffee run with them as well! I got to know everyone better this way and I am excited to work with them on my summer tasks.

---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

July 11th 2024 - Today, we were preparing for an interview with a clinician by conducting pilots with me and my other lab mate. Sandhya conducted the interview with me and timed it in order to practice for the actual interview. I also tested out the Figma interface and the two tasks that were supposed to run seamlessly and pointed out any bugs I noticed so that it can be fixed before the interview. Later in the day, we had a lab-wide meeting where we discussed everyone’s progress on their projects. Finally, we had our clinician interview and got some amazing feedback from the clinician about the interface. We should hopefully start testing out our entire system by next month and getting some more feedback from this clinician.
